Hi everyone, my name is Mike Schwartz.
I'm the founder and CEO of Glue and I also lead the Janssen Project at the Linux Foundation.
And how do I do next?
Next?
Well, what happened now?
There we go.
Okay, so in 2009 I was working in digital identity for enterprise customers and I was
sort of tired of recommending commercial solutions.
So we wrote the first Glue server to provide an enterprise identity access management system,
authorization, authentication.
We built this product comprised of open source components and we sold it to many large enterprise
customers over the years.
In 2020 we decided to contribute our IP to a community-governed project at the Linux Foundation.
And we couldn't contribute Glue, that's our trademark, so we created a new brand called Janssen Project.
And Janssen, so the trademark is free for companies to use.
In 2023 we launched a new developer website called Agama Lab, which helps developers write in the Agama
language, which is a programming language we authored at the Janssen Project to help developers use low
code to write web identity journeys.
So Janssen is composed of multiple components.
Think about it like Linux.
It's a number of open source components deployed and working together.
You can, it's built on a mountain of open source like many other open source projects.
We are in production only supporting containerized deployments.
So each service runs in its own container.
From a functional standpoint, digital identity is really existentially important for governments.
We tend to think of governments as having one identity system, but actually there are many
ministries and agencies and departments, and each of those departments have their own identity
infrastructure with their own usability, accessibility, and security requirements.
So we're in a multi-IDP world.
Each government needs to manage trust, and that's just hard to do.
And Janssen helps governments build this identity infrastructure so they can service their
ministries and departments.
This time is wrong.
Actually, so I have a deep dive on Agama.
If you're an IAM geek, please join us.
It's tomorrow at 9.45, not five.
So, but I'm going to do a deep dive on Agama if you want to learn how we can use low code to build these
authentication flows.
So why would you use this project?
It's not for every organization.
We really are looking for organizations that have what I would say described as economies of scale in IT.
That means that they have, if you're a small company, you should probably use a SaaS, but if you're a
government and then you have, then you need to really manage this yourself.
Janssen is good at handling customer requirements.
We forget that a lot of these organizations, they already have infrastructure that they need to support, and they
have special requirements.
So hosting yourself enables you to meet all those special requirements for your identity.
And data sovereignty, a lot of the customers that we serve, banks, telcos, and other
banks, telcos, healthcare, education, government, they need to host this data themselves.
They need to persist the data in their region.
And then finally, you might need this infrastructure if you're building a product.
So many products actually include a digital identity component.
For example, NEC is using our software to build a biometric authentication platform for governments.
So if you need to build an identity stack, you can sort of build this into your product.
And you can know that it is safe to use.
I should mention that actually Janssen Project is registered as a DPG.
And that means that it's safe to use.
And it's important to remember that, yeah, we don't want to get hashy-corped.
So with that, I'll end.
And thank you very much.